Initial content to the microsite (#50)
47deg/helios: README.md

}
```

## Running Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks comparing Helios with other Json libraries execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks: executeBenchmarks
```

To run the benchmarks with Helios performance execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks: executeHeliosBenchmark
```

## Running Microsite

> To run locally the **Helios** microsite you need to execute first this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the **Helios** microsite locally, you need to execute the following command:
```
